LEGAL.md, before:

Terms of Use
============
Welcome! These are the Terms of Use of molview.org, referred to as "MolView". By
accessing and using MolView you accept these terms. MolView is a non-profit
project, and these terms serve mostly as a disclaimer. MolView reserves the
right to update or amend these terms at any time, without notice to you. Such
opdated or amended terms shall be effective upon publishing.

## 1. Open Source

The source code of MolView is released under the GNU AGPL license on
[GitHub](https://github.com/molview/molview). You are free to make changes to a
copy of the source code, but you are required by the AGPL license to publish
these changes. For more details about the license visit
[molview.org/license](https://molview.org/license).

## 2. No Availability Guarantee

MolView does not guarantee to be online or usable. MolView reserves the right to
change or update its website for any reason at any time without notice. MolView
reserves the right to restrict access or use for any reason at any time without
notice.

## 3. No Accuracy Guarantee

All the data that is displayed on MolView is retrieved from third-party sources.
MolView does not warrant that this is accurate or fit for any particular
purpose. The third-party sources that are used are:

- [PubChem](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pug_rest/PUG_REST.html)
- [RCSB Protein Data Bank](http://www.rcsb.org/pdb/software/rest.do)
- [NIST Chemistry WebBook](http://webbook.nist.gov/chemistry)
- [Crystallography Open Database](http://www.crystallography.net/)
- [NCI/CADD Chemical Identifier Resolver](http://cactus.nci.nih.gov/chemical/structure)

## 4. Freedom of Usage

You are free to use and share images and other content generated in MolView for
any purpose, including for commercial purposes. This also includes screen
recordings of MolView.

## 5. Privacy Policy

MolView uses a client-side local storage technology (WebStorage) in order to
save user preferences. This data is never shared with our server. This site uses
its own Matomo Analytics instance to collect usage data. You may opt-out from
tracking [here](https://analytics.molview.org/index.php?module=CoreAdminHome&action=optOut&language=en).

## 6. Infringement Disclaimer

All data transmitted or made available on MolView is believed to be free of
infringement. Please contact `info@molview.org` if you can prove otherwise.

Commit message:

Retract license.
I decided to stop releasing MolView under an Open-Source license.
For additional information, feel free to contact me via email.

LEGAL.md, after:

Terms of Use
============
Welcome! These are the Terms of Use of molview.org, referred to as "MolView". By
accessing and using MolView you accept these terms. MolView reserves the right
to update or amend these terms at any time, without notice to you. Such opdated
or amended terms shall be effective upon publishing.

## 1. Copyright

MolView and the source code of MolView is Copyright of Herman Bergwerf. You are
not allowed to redistribute it without written permission.

## 2. No Availability Guarantee

MolView does not guarantee to be online or usable. MolView reserves the right to
change or update its website for any reason at any time without notice. MolView
reserves the right to restrict access or use for any reason at any time without
notice.

## 3. No Accuracy Guarantee

All the data that is displayed on MolView is retrieved from third-party sources.
MolView does not warrant that this is accurate or fit for any particular
purpose. The third-party sources that are used are:

- [PubChem](https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pug_rest/PUG_REST.html)
- [RCSB Protein Data Bank](http://www.rcsb.org/pdb/software/rest.do)
- [NIST Chemistry WebBook](http://webbook.nist.gov/chemistry)
- [Crystallography Open Database](http://www.crystallography.net/)
- [NCI/CADD Chemical Identifier Resolver](http://cactus.nci.nih.gov/chemical/structure)

## 4. Freedom of Usage

You are free to use and share images and other content generated using MolView
for any purpose, including for commercial purposes. This also includes screen
recordings of MolView.

## 5. Privacy Policy

MolView uses a client-side local storage technology (WebStorage) in order to
save user preferences. This data is never shared with our server. This site uses
its own Matomo Analytics instance to collect usage data. You may opt-out from
tracking [here](https://analytics.molview.org/index.php?module=CoreAdminHome&action=optOut&language=en).

## 6. Infringement Disclaimer

All data transmitted or made available on MolView is believed to be free of
infringement. Please contact `info@molview.org` if you can prove otherwise.
